1. What is npm?
==> NPM, or Node Package Manager, is a free, open-source library and registry for JavaScript software packages.

2. What is `Parcel/Webpack`? Why do we need it?
==> If you need to manage a large codebase with multiple modules and want to optimize the output for performance, Webpack is the way to go.
    Parcel is a newer bundler that has gained popularity in recent years.

3. What is `.parcel-cache`?
==> `.parcel-cache` is a directory generated by the Parcel bundler, a popular tool used for bundling and optimizing web applications. It serves a specific purpose in the build process.

4. What is `npx` ?
==> The npx stands for Node Package Execute.  It is an npm package runner that can execute any package that you want from the npm registry without even installing that    package.

5. What is difference between `dependencies` vs `devDependencies`
==> A dependency is a library that a project needs to function effectively. DevDependencies are the packages a developer needs during development

6. What is Tree Shaking?
==> Tree shaking is a term commonly used within a JavaScript context to describe the removal of dead code.

7. What is Hot Module Replacement?
==> Hot Module Replacement (HMR) is a powerful feature designed to enhance the development process by providing real-time updates to modules within a running application.

8. List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your own words.
==> HMR (Hot Module Replacement), File watcher algorithm, Minification, Image optimization, Caching while development

9. What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it?
==> A .gitignore file is a plain text file that tells Git which files and folders to ignore in a project. It's usually placed in the root directory of a project. 

10. What is the difference between `package.json` and `package-lock.json`
==> The package-lock.json file ensures deterministic installations by locking the exact versions of dependencies and their dependencies. 

11. Why should I not modify `package-lock.json`?
==> Developers should avoid modifying the package-lock.json file directly. This is because the file is generated automatically and is not intended for manual editing. 

12. What is `node_modules` ? Is it a good idea to push that on git?
==> The node_modules folder is a folder that is created when you install packages using the Node Package Manager (npm). It stores the packages and their dependencies that your project requires. 

13. What is the `dist` folder?
==> The dist folder is short for "distribution". It contains the production-ready code for an application, including optimized and minified versions of the application's HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and other assets.

14. What is `browserlists`
==> browserslist is a configuration file that determines which browsers your project should support. 

15. Read about: ^ - caret and ~ - tilda
==> the tilde () allows updates to the patch version of a package, while the caret (^) allows updates to the minor and patch versions of a package, while keeping the major version fixed.